# AutoMagical-WebServer
A skeleton Node/Express web server that automagically accepts web-requests on URIs dynamically generated from "plug-and-play" controller modules. A great starting point for RESTful newbs and casual DIY-ers. Inspired by Dan Wahlin's Pluralsight course: Integrating Angular with Node.js RESTful Services.

> NOTE:
This documentation is going to assume CLI installation and use of this package. At this time, the importable feature of this utility into existing programs is untested and will therefore be unfeatured. If you wish to import this package, feel free to take a look at the Typescript source files and their extensive comments.

## Requirements
* Node.JS/NPM
* This package must be installed and run from BASH.

## Installation
1. Install Node.JS (and subsequently NPM)
    * See [Node's Download Page](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/) for installation instructions. NPM comes with Node.
1. In BASH, execute: `sudo npm install -g automagical-webserver`

## Configuration
1. In BASH, execute: `amwebs-setup`
    * This will create a default configuration file in your home directory (.amwebs.config.json), as well as a "controllers" directory in the same location.
1. (OPTIONAL) Edit the configuration file (~/.amwebs.config.json) as you see fit.
1. (OPTIONAL) In BASH, execute: `amwebs-gen-controller`
    * This will generate a sample controller that will work with the default configuration file generated by `amwebs-setup`.

## Use
1. Start the program by executing in BASH: `amwebs`
    * All controllers in the controllers directory will be loaded, and the server will begin listening for web-requests.
    * Incoming requests that match a URI built by the controllers will be handled by said controllers.
        * Alternately, requests that don't have a matching controller will receive a 404 error.
    > If you have loaded the sample controller, you can now test the server by opening a web-browser on your local machine and navigating to: `localhost:3000/sample_controller/` and `localhost:3000/sample_controller/nest`
1. Create/Update/Delete controllers as you see fit.
    * As you do so, you will notice the webserver refresh itself as files are saved to disk.
        * Alternately, you can force a refresh by typing `rs` into the terminal that launched amwebs.